\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode=true}{hyperref} % options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provides euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage[]{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\usepackage{longtable,booktabs}
% Fix footnotes in tables (requires footnote package)
\IfFileExists{footnote.sty}{\usepackage{footnote}\makesavenoteenv{longtable}}{}
\usepackage{graphicx,grffile}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

% set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother


\date{}

\begin{document}

Modeling Carbon Dioxide Vibrational Frequencies in Ionic Liquids: II.
Spectroscopic Map

Clyde A. Daly Jr.,\textsuperscript{1} Eric J.
Berquist,\textsuperscript{2,3} Thomas Brinzer,\textsuperscript{2,3} Sean
Garrett-Roe,\textsuperscript{2,3} Daniel S.
Lambrecht,\textsuperscript{2,3} and Steven A.
Corcelli\textsuperscript{1}

\textsuperscript{1} Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University
of Notre Dame, 251 Nieuwland Science Hall, Notre Dame, Indiana 46656

\textsuperscript{2} Department of Chemistry, University of Pittsburgh,
219 Parkman Ave., Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15260

\textsuperscript{3} Pittsburgh Quantum Institute, University of
Pittsburgh, 3943 O'Hara St., Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15260

KEYWORDS: ionic liquids, spectroscopic map, carbon capture, vibrational
spectroscopy, 2D-IR spectroscopy

\textbf{Abstract}

The primary challenge for connecting molecular dynamics (MD) simulations
to linear and two-dimensional infrared (2D-IR) measurements is the
calculation of the vibrational frequency for the chromophore of
interest. Computing the vibrational frequency at each time step of the
simulation with a quantum mechanical method like density functional
theory (DFT) is generally prohibitively expensive. One approach to
circumnavigate this problem is the use of spectroscopic maps.
Spectroscopic maps are empirical relationships that correlate the
frequency of interest to properties of the surrounding solvent that are
readily accessible in the MD simulation. Here, we develop a
spectroscopic map for the asymmetric stretch of CO\textsubscript{2} in
the 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium hexafluorophosphate
({[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]})
ionic liquid (IL). DFT is used to compute the vibrational frequency of
500 statistically independent
CO\textsubscript{2}-{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
clusters extracted from an MD simulation. When the map was tested on a
500 different
CO\textsubscript{2}-{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
clusters, the correlation coefficient between the benchmark frequencies
and the predicted frequencies was R = 0.94 and the root mean squared
error was 2.7 cm\textsuperscript{-1}. The calculated distribution of
frequencies also agrees well with experiment. The spectroscopic map
required information about the CO\textsubscript{2} angle, the
electrostatics of the surrounding solvent, and the Lennard-Jones
interaction between the CO\textsubscript{2} and the IL. The contribution
of each term in the map was investigated with symmetry-adapted
perturbation theory (SAPT) calculations.

\textbf{I. Introduction}

Ionic liquids (ILs) have attracted tremendous attention because of their
properties as environmentally friendly alternatives to volatile organic
solvents, and their applications involving the production, storage, and
efficient utilization of energy.\textsuperscript{1--5} ILs exhibit
unique physical properties relative to conventional liquids in terms of
vapor pressure, viscosity, electrical and thermal conductivity,
solubility of polar and nonpolar molecules, and melting
point.\textsuperscript{5--9} Moreover, these properties can be tuned to
specific applications by chemically modifying the molecules that
comprise the liquid. For example, by functionalizing the molecules of an
IL to react with CO\textsubscript{2}, improved design for preferentially
separating CO\textsubscript{2} from gas mixtures was
achieved.\textsuperscript{9--13} Thus, ILs offer a promising new
direction for the removal of environmentally harmful CO\textsubscript{2}
from postcombustion flue gas.

It is essential that the fundamental structure and dynamics of ILs be
understood to aid in the design of new ILs for unique applications.
Unlike conventional solvents, ILs exhibit heterogeneous structure and
dynamics that have profound implications for their physical properties.
Two-dimensional infrared (2D-IR) spectroscopy offers several unique
advantages for interrogating the structure and dynamics of liquids
because of its exquisite time and spatial
resolution.\textsuperscript{14--17} The spatial resolution results from
the size of suitably chosen vibrational chromophores. The vibrational
frequencies of these reporters depend sensitively on their local
environment.\textsuperscript{15,18--22} As that local environment
evolves, so too will the vibrational frequency of the probe -- a process
called spectral diffusion. 2D-IR spectroscopy measures these frequency
fluctuation dynamics, which relate back to the intrinsic dynamics of the
surroundings of the vibrational chromophore.

Recently, Brinzer \emph{et al}. have demonstrated that the asymmetric
stretch of CO\textsubscript{2} (Î½\textsubscript{3}) is an excellent
vibrational reporter of its local environment in
ILs.\textsuperscript{23} In particular, these experiments have
established (1) that the asymmetric stretch of CO\textsubscript{2}
exhibits a significant solvatochromic shift with respect to the choice
of anion in a series of imidazolium-based ILs, (2) that the
CO\textsubscript{2} vibrational population lifetime is sufficiently long
to measure 2D-IR spectra on a 100 ps timescale, and (3) that the longest
spectral diffusion timescale correlates empirically with the viscosity
of the IL.\textsuperscript{23} Fayer and coworkers have also studied
CO\textsubscript{2} in ILs with 2D-IR spectroscopy, including detailed
measurements and modeling of the rotational dynamics of
CO\textsubscript{2} and how this motion results in
reorientational-induced spectral diffusion (RISD). Through analysis of
polarization-selective 2D-IR measurements, the RISD contribution to the
overall spectral diffusion process was
quantified.\textsuperscript{24,25} The RISD analysis assumed that shifts
in the CO\textsubscript{2} vibrational frequency were governed by a
second-order Stark effect.

Among multidimensional vibrational spectroscopy's great successes was
revealing the dynamics of hydrogen-bond network rearrangements in liquid
water.\textsuperscript{26--39} However, these profound insights were
only possible in conjunction with a robust theoretical
effort.\textsuperscript{21,29--31,40--59} Much of that theoretical
effort focused on the development and application of empirical
relationships connecting the instantaneous vibrational frequency of
interest to structural properties -- usually the electrostatics -- of
the surrounding condensed-phase environment.\textsuperscript{22,41,60}
Such relationships have come to be known as ``spectroscopic maps.'' With
a spectroscopic map in hand, quantities such as the linear IR absorption
spectrum, 2D-IR spectra, and the frequency fluctuation correlation
function that quantifies spectral diffusion, can be readily calculated
in a conventional molecular dynamics (MD)
simulation.\textsuperscript{47,60,61} With the emergence of 2D-IR
measurements on CO\textsubscript{2} in ILs, there is ample motivation to
develop a spectroscopic map for the asymmetric stretch of
CO\textsubscript{2} in an IL.

In paper I, we developed and validated a robust quantum
mechanics/molecular mechanics (QM/MM) protocol for calculating
anharmonic CO\textsubscript{2} vibrational frequencies in the
1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium hexafluorophosphate
({[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]})
IL. Here, we have used the protocol to calculate the asymmetric stretch
vibrational frequency of CO\textsubscript{2} in 1000 statistically
independent snapshots extracted from an MD simulation. For each
frequency calculation, the CO\textsubscript{2} molecule and two pairs of
IL molecules are treated quantum mechanically with density functional
theory (DFT). The rest of the solvent is included in the calculation as
point charges that polarize the quantum mechanical region. The
two-dimensional potential energy surface for the CO\textsubscript{2}
stretches is constructed on a 12 Ã 12 grid and the resulting vibrational
SchrÃ¶dinger equation is solved using a discrete variable representation
(DVR) method. Once the vibrational frequencies were calculated, 500 of
these snapshots were used to parameterize the spectroscopic map and the
other 500 snapshots were used to quantify the accuracy of the
spectroscopic map.

Previous spectroscopic maps have primarily been based on
electrostatics,\textsuperscript{19,42,62--66} but our initial quantum
chemistry investigations\textsuperscript{23,67} indicate that the
antisymmetric stretch of CO\textsubscript{2} is sensitive to other
physical effects, including charge transfer, dispersion, exchange
repulsion, and electrostatics. Accordingly, we found that a suitably
accurate spectroscopic map could not be constructed using only
electrostatic properties of the IL environment. Instead, we had to
include both electrostatic and Lennard-Jones (LJ) terms in the map.
BÅasiak and Cho previously found that including dispersion interactions
resulted in an improved spectroscopic map for the amide I vibration of
\emph{N}-methylacetamide.\textsuperscript{68} In addition, since the
CO\textsubscript{2} molecule was modeled as flexible in solution, the
map also has a dependence on the CO\textsubscript{2} bend angle whose
contribution was investigated in detail.

Spectroscopic maps are inherently empirical and can, in principle,
utilize any variable that is sufficiently correlated with the
vibrational frequencies, even if that variable is not the cause of the
vibrational frequency shifts. Therefore, the dual goals of this work are
to develop and validate a spectroscopic map, and to understand how the
causal variables manifest themselves in the map. To achieve the first
goal, the average frequency and distribution of vibrational frequencies
were compared to inhomogeneous vibrational spectra extracted from 2D-IR
measurements. To achieve the second goal a selection of snapshots were
analyzed with symmetry adapted perturbation theory
(SAPT)\textsuperscript{69--71} calculations.

In addition to the intermolecular interactions, CO\textsubscript{2} has
an important intramolecular degree of freedom, the bending mode. Our
previous work\textsuperscript{23} has implicated the bending mode in the
experimentally observed solvatochromic shifts. At room temperature, the
bending mode has an energy of approximately \(3k_{B}T\), placing it in
an intermediate regime where it is not clear if a flexible (classical)
or a rigid (quantum) model should be more appropriate. To better
understand the role of CO\textsubscript{2} flexibility in the
spectroscopic map, we calculated histograms of vibrational frequencies
for a rigid (bond angle = \(180deg\)) and a flexible model of
CO\textsubscript{2} in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
IL. We also examined a third possibility where the CO\textsubscript{2}
is modeled as flexible in the MD simulation, but the bend angle is
relaxed prior to applying the spectroscopic map.

The paper is organized as follows. In Section II the details of the MD
simulations and the anharmonic vibrational frequency calculations are
described. In Section III, the spectroscopic map is constructed. In
Section IV, the spectroscopic map is validated by comparison to
experiment. In Section V, the contributions of the electrostatic,
exchange repulsion, and dispersive interactions in the spectroscopic map
are analyzed with ALMO and SAPT calculations. Finally, in Section VI we
provide some concluding remarks.

\textbf{II. Computational Methods}

Molecular dynamics (MD) simulations were performed using the large-scale
atomic/molecular massively parallel simulator
(LAMMPS)\textsuperscript{72} with a time step of 2 fs. 256 ion pairs of
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
and one molecule of CO\textsubscript{2} were simulated at 300 K in a
cubic box with periodic boundary conditions. Previous studies have
confirmed that 256 ion pairs is a sufficiently large simulation box to
mitigate finite-size effects.\textsuperscript{73} The original atomic
coordinates and box size (45 Ã) were generated from a previous study of
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
containing a single water solute, which had been subjected to a rigorous
equilibration protocol.\textsuperscript{61} The water was replaced with
a CO\textsubscript{2} solute, and was subjected to the following
equilibration procedure: (1) 1 ns in the NVT ensemble at 300 K, (2)
heating to 600 K over 1 ns, (3) cooling to 300 K over 1 ns, (4) 1 ns in
the NVT ensemble at 300 K, and (5) 1 ns in the NVE ensemble. Production
run trajectories were collected in the NVE ensemble. Energy conservation
was excellent, with fits to the energy and temperature over 10 ns
revealing slopes of 3.3 Ã 10\textsuperscript{-5} kcal
mol\textsuperscript{-1} ps\textsuperscript{-1} and 9.8 Ã
10\textsuperscript{-6} K ps\textsuperscript{-1}, respectively. All
molecules were modeled as fully flexible except for bonds containing
hydrogen, which were held fixed at their equilibrium lengths using the
SHAKE algorithm.\textsuperscript{74,75} Also, in certain cases (see
below), the CO\textsubscript{2} bond lengths and angle were held fixed
at their equilibrium values using the LAMMPS rigid
integrator.\textsuperscript{72} The force fields for
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
were the same as in our previous simulation studies involving this
IL.\textsuperscript{61} Briefly, the bends, bonds, dihedrals, and
Lennard-Jones parameters for
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}\textsuperscript{+} are from
the generalized Amber force field (GAFF),\textsuperscript{76,77} and
partial charges were obtained from DFT calculations.\textsuperscript{78}
The {[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}\textsuperscript{â} force field parameters
were from the work of Liu \emph{et al}.\textsuperscript{79} Charges on
the ions were scaled by 0.84 to empirically account for charge transfer
and polarization effects in the IL.\textsuperscript{80,81}
CO\textsubscript{2} was modeled using the TraPPE force field, with
additional terms developed by Perez-Blanco and Maginn for flexible bond
lengths and angle.\textsuperscript{82,83} Lennard-Jones interactions
were truncated at 15 Ã and the long-ranged electrostatics were computed
using particle-mesh Ewald summation with a 15 Ã real space
cutoff.\textsuperscript{84}

In order to create a spectroscopic map, 1000 statistically independent
snapshots separated by 50 ps were collected from a pair of 50 ns
simulations, one with a fully flexible CO\textsubscript{2} and a second
with a fully rigid CO\textsubscript{2}. For each snapshot, the
Born-Oppenheimer potential energy surface (PES) for CO\textsubscript{2}
stretching modes was obtained from single point energy calculations
performed as the CO bond lengths were stretched from 0.955 Ã to 1.45 Ã
in 0.045 Ã steps. During these calculations, the nearest two pairs of
ions by center of mass were included quantum mechanically, and the
remaining ions within 20 Ã were included as their point charges from the
MD force field. The resulting PES was included in a discretized
construction of the Hamiltonian for CO stretches, which was then
diagonalized, producing the asymmetric stretch frequency. More details
about this method can be found in paper 1 of this series. Least squares
multiple linear regression was used to empirically fit the electric
field due to the anions and cations along the CO bonds and the
Lennard-Jones potential energy on the CO\textsubscript{2} carbon and
oxygens to the asymmetric stretch of CO\textsubscript{2} for 500 of the
flexible snapshots, and the accuracy of the resulting fit was tested
using the remaining 500 snapshots. 500 of the rigid snapshots were used
as a secondary test set. This is described in more detail in section IV.
In certain cases, the CO\textsubscript{2} angle from the flexible
simulation was relaxed holding all other degrees-of-freedom and the
CO\textsubscript{2} center of mass fixed prior to vibrational frequency
calculations for further analysis. This is discussed further in Section
V.B.

\textbf{III. Spectroscopic Map for CO\textsubscript{2} Vibrations}

Empirical spectroscopic maps relate the instantaneous vibrational
frequency of an IR reporter to properties of its surroundings that can
be readily accessed in MD simulations.\textsuperscript{47,61,85} Once a
spectroscopic map has been parameterized, it can be used to calculate IR
absorption spectra, 2D-IR spectra, and frequency fluctuation time
correlation functions from a MD simulation. For the asymmetric stretch
of CO\textsubscript{2} in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]},
we were unable to obtain a suitably accurate spectroscopic map from
electrostatics alone. Instead, we needed to include information about
the CO\textsubscript{2} bend angle, as well as the Lennard-Jones (LJ)
interactions between CO\textsubscript{2} and the surrounding IL. The
spectroscopic map has the following form

\[\omega_{a} = \ \omega_{g} + \Delta\omega_{\mathrm{\theta}} + \ \Delta\omega_{\mathrm{\text{solvent}}}\]

(1)

where \(\omega_{a}\) is the predicted CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric
stretch vibrational frequency, \(\omega_{g}\) is the experimental gas
phase frequency (2349.1 cm\textsuperscript{-1}),
\(\Delta\omega_{\mathrm{\theta}}\) is the dependence of the frequency on
the OCO bend angle, and \(\Delta\omega_{\mathrm{\text{solvent}}}\)
captures the change in the vibrational frequency due to interactions
with the IL solvent. Figure 3 shows the dependence of the
CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric stretch vibrational frequency on the OCO
angle, Î¸, calculated for CO\textsubscript{2} isolated in the gas-phase.
The calculated data are fit exquisitely well (\(R^{2}\) = 0.999) by the
single-parameter function

\[\Delta\omega_{\theta} = a(1 + \cos{\theta)}\]

(2)

where \(a = - 1160.9\ \mathrm{c}\mathrm{m}^{\mathrm{- 1}}.\)

Figure 3 also shows the vibrational frequency of 500 statistically
independent
CO\textsubscript{2}/{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
snapshots. The vibrational frequencies were calculated using the DVR
approach described in paper 1 in this series. In these calculations, the
CO\textsubscript{2} and the closest two pairs of
{[}CÂ­\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
molecules -- determined using the distance between the center-of-mass of
the IL molecule and the CO\textsubscript{2} carbon atom -- were treated
quantum mechanically at the B3LYP/6-311++G(d,p) level of theory. Any IL
molecule whose center-of-mass was within 20 Ã was modeled using its
molecular mechanics partial atomic charges, which then polarize the
quantum mechanical region. IL molecules were added to the molecular
mechanics region in pairs to maintain charge neutrality. The overall
trend in the vibrational frequencies roughly follows the angle
dependence in the gas phase, but there is significant scatter due to
interactions with the IL.

A map for the solvent effects on the asymmetric CO\textsubscript{2}
vibrational frequency was constructed assuming the following form,

\[\Delta\omega_{\mathrm{\text{solvent}}} = b_{1}E_{\mathrm{O}}^{\text{Cation}} + b_{2}E_{\mathrm{O}}^{\text{Anion}} + c_{1}U_{\mathrm{O}} + c_{2}U_{\mathrm{C}}\]

(3)

where \(E\) and \(U\) represent contributions from the electric field
and Lennard-Jones (LJ) interactions with the solvent, respectively. The
subscript, C or O, indicates whether the interaction is computed at the
location of the CO\textsubscript{2} central carbon or at the oxygen
atoms. For \(E_{O}\) and \(U_{O}\), the value used in Eq. (3) is the
average for the two CO\textsubscript{2} oxygen sites. The LJ interaction
is computed using the expression,

\[U = \ \sum_{j}^{}\varepsilon_{j}\left\lbrack \left( \frac{\sigma_{j}}{r_{j}} \right)^{12} - \left( \frac{\sigma_{j}}{r_{j}} \right)^{6} \right\rbrack\]

(4)

where the sum is over all atoms in the surrounding liquid,
\(\varepsilon_{j}\) and \(\sigma_{j}\) are the LJ parameters for the
atom, and \(r_{j}\) is the distance to the atom. The electric fields are
calculated with respect to the oxygen atoms of CO\textsubscript{2} and
are projected along the relevant CO bond,

\[E = {\widehat{r}}_{\mathrm{\text{CO}}} \bullet \sum_{j}^{}\frac{q_{j}{\widehat{r}}_{j}}{r_{j}^{2}}\]

(5)

where the sum is over all relevant atoms in in the surrounding liquid
(i.e. those associated with the cations for
\(E_{\mathrm{O}}^{\text{Cation}}\) and those associated with the anions
for \(E_{\mathrm{O}}^{\text{Anion}}\)), \(q_{j}\) is the partial atomic
charge, \(r_{j}\) is the distance to the charge, \({\widehat{r}}_{j}\)
is a unit-vector directed toward the site of the charge, and
\({\widehat{r}}_{\mathrm{\text{CO}}}\) is a unit vector from the carbon
atom of CO\textsubscript{2} to the relevant oxygen atom. Long range
electrostatics are corrected using the damped shifted force
method.\textsuperscript{86}

The four parameters, \(b_{1}\), \(b_{2}\), \(c_{1}\), and \(c_{2}\), in
Eq. (3) were determined empirically by applying multiple linear
regression using the 500 calculated frequencies in the training set
(Table 1). The quality of the fit was evaluated using the 500 different
frequencies contained in the test set (Figure 2). The root-mean-square
(RMS) deviation between the test set frequencies and those predicted by
Eq. (3) was 2.7 cm\textsuperscript{-1}, and the value of correlation
coefficient for the fit was R = 0.94. By both metrics, the quality of
the spectroscopic map for predicting the CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric
stretch vibrational frequencies in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}IM{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]} IL
is as good or better than previously published maps for other
vibrational reporters in conventional solvents. Additionally, when 500
rigid CO\textsubscript{2} snapshots are used as the test set, the same
level of accuracy is obtained.

The Condon approximation, that the magnitude of the transition dipole
moment is independent of the vibrational frequency of a mode, fails for
some solutes that interact in a strong local way with their environment.
The most important example is the OH stretch of liquid water. The
hydrogen bonds in water polarize the OH bond, increasing the oscillator
strength on the red side of the vibrational band, which has a
significant effect on the IR absorption line
shape.\textsuperscript{63,64,87} Similar to the hydrogen bonding of
water, the strong local interactions of CO\textsubscript{2} with the
ionic liquid anion could, in principle, cause the Condon approximation
to fail. However, we find that the Condon approximation for the main
band is adequate (Figure 3). We calculated the transition dipole moment
integral, \(\mu_{01}\), of the asymmetric stretch of CO\textsubscript{2}
in 1000
CO\textsubscript{2}-{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
clusters. The details of the transition dipole moment integral
calculations are provided in the Supporting Information (SI). A plot of
\(\mu_{01}\) scaled by \(\mu_{01}^{g}\), the transition dipole moment
integral of the asymmetric stretch of CO\textsubscript{2} in the
gas-phase, versus the asymmetric stretch vibrational frequency,
\(\omega_{a}\), has a slope close to zero. This confirms that it is
reasonable to regard the transition dipole as a constant factor that
scales the intensity of linear and non-linear spectra but does not
modify their shapes. As a result, we do not treat the environmental
dependence of the transition dipole moment in our spectroscopic map; we
need only treat the vibrational frequencies.

\textbf{IV. Physical Interpretation of the Spectroscopic Map}

The average contribution to the CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric stretch
vibrational frequency from each of the map components is listed in Table
2. This data demonstrates that the Lennard-Jones potential energy is an
important predictor of the vibrational frequency of CO\textsubscript{2}
solvated in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]},
while the electrostatic potential plays a secondary role. This contrasts
many prior spectroscopic maps where solvatochromic frequency shifts were
based purely on the electrostatics of the
environment.\textsuperscript{47,62,88} This finding is perhaps
surprising at first, because one might expect electrostatics to dominate
the interactions of a solute with charged solvent molecules; however,
one has to consider that (1) CO\textsubscript{2} is not dipolar or
charged, and as such will not interact with uniform electric fields very
strongly, and (2) the ionic liquid, particularly the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]} butyl tails, have large
domains where the dominant interactions are dispersive. These points
make it conceivable that van der Waals effects dominate the
CO\textsubscript{2}-IL interaction.

To further unravel the origin of the impact of CO\textsubscript{2}-IL
interactions on the vibrational signature of CO\textsubscript{2}, we use
the fact that the LJ contributions to the spectroscopic map can be
further decomposed. In particular, we separate the LJ term into its
repulsive (\({\sim r}^{- 12}\)) and attractive (\(\sim r^{- 6}\))
contributions (Table 2). We find that the attractive and repulsive LJ
terms contribute --7.0 cm\textsuperscript{-1} and +4.9
cm\textsuperscript{-1}, respectively, to the overall LJ vibrational
shift of --2.1 cm\textsuperscript{-1}. The large contribution from the
repulsive LJ term is yet another surprise. To aid in identifying the
physical origins of the large repulsive LJ contribution, we performed
symmetry adapted perturbation theory (SAPT)\textsuperscript{71}
calculations that decompose the total interaction energy into physically
meaningful components. This analysis should be contrasted with the
empirical spectroscopic map, where a good fit implies correlation but
not necessarily causation. Our SAPT calculations yield energy
contributions, but it should nevertheless be possible to estimate the
relative importance of different interactions for vibrational
frequencies. The SAPT decomposition supports the previous discussion in
that electrostatic interactions (electrostatics, induction) plus the
exchange (exchange repulsion, exchange-induction) roughly cancel (total
â1.3 kcal/mol), whereas dispersive interactions dominate the interaction
(total Â­--4.7 kcal/mol from dispersion plus exchange-dispersion).
However, the SAPT data also reveals that exchange-dispersion (the
repulsive dispersion part) is over an order of magnitude smaller than
the attractive dispersion contribution (10.1\% of the total dispersion
interaction). This result has to be contrasted with the
\textasciitilde{}40\% contribution that the repulsive LJ potential makes
to the vibrations. Since the repulsive LJ contribution is the dominant
repulsive interaction incorporated in our model, the SAPT results
suggest that the repulsive part of the LJ potential fits an agglomerate
of exchange (Pauli) repulsion stemming from charge overlap (74.7\% of
the repulsive interactions), exchange induction (20.7\%) plus exchange
dispersion (4.6\%).

It is likely that LJ components will be an important component of a
spectroscopic map for any neutral and nonpolar solute, or any solvent
where dispersive interactions, quantum effects (Pauli exchange, for
instance), or higher order electrostatic interactions are particularly
important. In our case, it seems logical that a higher potential at the
carbon would increase the optimal length of the CO bonds, thus
decreasing the local mode and normal mode frequencies. Meanwhile, at the
oxygen, a larger potential would generally shorten the bond, increasing
the frequency. A similar finding was observed by Brinzer \emph{et
al}.\textsuperscript{23} However, these components only allow the
CO\textsubscript{2} vibration to respond to local effects -- the
electric field components allow it to respond to longer-range
interactions. As in prior works for different solvents and solutes, the
coefficients for the two electric field components are different from
each other, in this case by a substantial margin. It has been previously
established that CO\textsubscript{2} interacts with the anions more
strongly than with the cations in an ionic
liquid.\textsuperscript{13,89--93} This is reflected in the magnitude of
the coefficients related to the two components, and in their average
frequency contribution (Tables 1 and 2). In particular,
CO\textsubscript{2} is a Lewis acid and should generally interact with
negatively charged moieties differently from positively charged ones.

\textbf{V. Validation }

\textbf{A. Experimental Frequency Distribution }

In order to compare our calculated distributions of CO\textsubscript{2}
vibrational frequencies with experiment, we must account for the effects
that broaden or narrow the IR absorption line shape beyond the
underlying distribution of frequencies. The finite population lifetime
of the asymmetric stretch vibration, reorientation of the
CO\textsubscript{2} molecule, and a variety of other effects can broaden
the absorption spectrum. On the other hand, fast dynamics can narrow the
absorption spectrum (i.e. motional narrowing). A faithful comparison to
experiment requires a deconvolution of these contributions to estimate
the range of instantaneous frequencies experienced by
CO\textsubscript{2}.

2D-IR spectra contain sufficient information to recover the distribution
of frequencies, which would be difficult to extract from the linear IR
absorption spectrum alone.\textsuperscript{23} Within the Kubo
multi-exponential ansatz, the width of the frequency distribution is
determined by the frequency fluctuation correlation function

\[\left\langle \text{Î´Ï}\left( t \right)\text{Î´Ï}\left( 0 \right) \right\rangle = \ \sum_{i}^{N}{\Delta_{i}^{2}\exp\left( - \frac{t}{\tau_{i}} \right)}\]

(6)

where \(\Delta_{i}^{2}\) are the variances of frequency modulations, and
\(\tau_{i}\) are the timescales for the respective frequency
fluctuations. The width of the frequency distribution is the sum of
squares of the different broadening processes

\[\left\langle \delta\omega^{2} \right\rangle = \sum_{i}^{N}\Delta_{i}^{2}\]

(7)

The contribution of homogeneous processes whose frequency fluctuations
are too fast to be resolved (specifically when
\(\Delta_{i}\tau_{i} \ll 1\)) can be approximated as
\(\delta\left( t \right)\Delta_{H}^{2}\tau_{H}\), which results in a
frequency correlation function:

\[\left\langle \text{Î´Ï}\left( t \right)\text{Î´Ï}\left( 0 \right) \right\rangle = \delta\left( t \right)\Delta_{H}^{2}\tau_{H} + \sum_{i}^{N - 1}{\Delta_{i}^{2}\exp\left( - \frac{t}{\tau_{i}} \right)} = \frac{\delta\left( t \right)}{T_{2}^{*}} + \sum_{i}^{N - 1}{\Delta_{i}^{2}\exp\left( - \frac{t}{\tau_{i}} \right)}\]

(8)

where \(T_{2}^{*} \equiv \left( \Delta_{H}^{2}\tau_{H} \right)^{- 1}\)
is the pure dephasing time and \(\delta\left( t \right)\) is the Dirac
delta function. The pure dephasing time depends on the variance of the
fast frequency fluctuations, \(\Delta_{H}^{2}\), and the correlation
time for fast motions, \(\tau_{H}\), and the two parameters cannot be
independently determined. Analyzing the change in shape of the 2D-IR
spectra as a function of the waiting time can directly determine the
magnitude of frequency modulations related to the sum of exponential
decays, \(\sum_{i}^{N - 1}\Delta_{i}^{2}\), in Eq. (8). For
CO\textsubscript{2} in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
this sum is approximately 2 cm\textsuperscript{-1}.\textsuperscript{23}

Determining the magnitude of frequency modulations that give rise to the
first term in Eq. (8) is more complicated. The pure dephasing time
(\(T_{2}^{*}\)) is only one contributor to the experimentally determined
dephasing time (\(T_{2}\)), which also depends on the population
(\(T_{1}\)), and reorientational (\(T_{\text{or}}\)) motions of the
molecule

\[\frac{1}{T_{2}}\  = \frac{1}{T_{2}^{*}} + \frac{1}{2T_{1}} + \frac{1}{3T_{\text{or}}}\]

(9)

The experimental dephasing time, \(T_{2}\), of the asymmetric stretch of
CO\textsubscript{2} in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]} IL
is 3.3 ps.\textsuperscript{23} Since the experiment was performed in an
all-parallel polarization, we cannot unambiguously determine the
population and orientation relaxation times. We can estimate them,
however, based on the rate of signal decay and the orientational
correlation functions determined in a similar ionic
liquid.\textsuperscript{24,25} Estimates of \(T_{1} =\) 20 ps and
\(T_{\mathrm{\text{or}}} =\) 10 ps, suggest that vast majority
contribution to \(T_{2}\) for CO\textsubscript{2} in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
comes from pure dephasing. Population relaxation and orientational
relaxation have a minor effect on the total dephasing time. We estimate
a pure dephasing time of \(T_{2}^{*} =\) 4 ps.

Finally, the variance of the frequency fluctuations, \(\Delta_{H}^{2}\),
can be limited to a range by physical constraints on the values of
\(\tau_{H}\). The lower limit on \(\tau_{H}\) is governed by the
inertial motions of CO\textsubscript{2} and its ionic liquid solvent
shells. The timescale of the inertial response in liquid water is in the
sub-60 fs range, while that of acetonitrile is 70
fs.\textsuperscript{29,94,95} Using 70 fs as a lower limit for
\(\tau_{H}\ \)places an upper limit on \(\Delta_{H}\) of 9.7
cm\textsuperscript{-1}. Fits to analytical response functions suggests
that \(\Delta_{H}\ \tau_{H} \approx 0.2\) is a reasonable estimate of
the dynamics that can be resolved using global fitting of the
experimental data, which gives an upper limit on \(\tau_{H}\) of 200 fs,
with a corresponding lower limit on \(\Delta_{H}\) of 6
cm\textsuperscript{-1}. Our estimate for the homogeneous width is thus,
\(6 < \Delta_{H} < 10\) cm\textsuperscript{â1}. Combining the broadening
due to fast and slow motions, the experimentally estimated total
frequency width for CO\textsubscript{2} in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]} is
between 6.3 and 10.2 cm\textsuperscript{-1} (Figure 4).

\textbf{B. Calculated Frequency Distributions}

Figure 5a shows the distribution of CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric
stretch vibrational frequencies computed using the spectroscopic map for
1000 statistically independent snapshots collected from an MD simulation
of flexible CO\textsubscript{2} in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}.
These are the same snapshots that were used to parametrize and validate
the spectroscopic map in Section III. The distribution is peaked at
approximately 2344 cm\textsuperscript{-1} and its standard deviation is
7.4 cm\textsuperscript{-1}. Both of these values are in reasonable
agreement with experiment (2342.5 cm\textsuperscript{-1} and 6.3 -- 10.2
cm\textsuperscript{-1}). Qualitatively, the distribution exhibits a
significant asymmetry with a mean frequency of 2339.9
cm\textsuperscript{-1} that is about 4 cm\textsuperscript{-1} to the red
of the peak frequency. The experimental IR absorption line shape,
however, does not show signs of such asymmetry in the underlying
distribution of frequencies.

The source of the asymmetry in the distribution of frequencies in Figure
5a is the contribution to the spectroscopic map from the
CO\textsubscript{2} bend angle, Eq. (2). This is illustrated in Figure
5c, where we have calculated the distribution of CO\textsubscript{2}
asymmetric stretch vibrational frequencies for 1000 statistically
independent snapshots collected from an MD simulation of rigid
CO\textsubscript{2} in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}.
Since the CO\textsubscript{2} molecule has an angle of 180Âº in each of
the snapshots, the contribution to the calculated vibrational frequency
from the CO\textsubscript{2} bend angle is zero. The resulting
distribution is correctly symmetric with a mean frequency of 2346.5
cm\textsuperscript{-1} and a standard deviation of 2.3
cm\textsuperscript{-1}. The calculated distribution is centered 4
cm\textsuperscript{-1} to the blue of the experimental distribution, and
it is narrower than the lower estimate of the experimental distribution
by 4 cm\textsuperscript{-1}.

The results in Figure 5a and 5c represent two extremes -- one where the
CO\textsubscript{2} bend is treated classically (Figure 5a) and another
where the CO\textsubscript{2} bend is effectively neglected (Figure 5c).
When the CO\textsubscript{2} bend is classical, it is assumed that the
CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric stretch vibrational frequency depends on
the instantaneous value of the bend angle, Figure 1 and Eq. (2).
However, the asymmetric distribution suggests that this approach is
incorrect. In fact, a simple thought experiment reinforces the problems
associated with regarding the CO\textsubscript{2} bend as a classical
variable. Consider a non-rotating CO\textsubscript{2} molecule isolated
in the gas-phase. If all of the vibrations of the CO\textsubscript{2}
molecule are quantum mechanical, the distribution of each of the four
vibrations is a delta function. However, if the bend is classical with a
kinetic energy commensurate with room temperature, the distribution of
asymmetric stretch vibrational frequencies will incorrectly have a
finite width. One solution to this conundrum is to adopt a fully quantum
mechanical treatment of the CO\textsubscript{2} vibrations. This would
require the construction of a four-dimensional potential energy surface
for each of the 1000 benchmark
CO\textsubscript{2}-{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
clusters, which is computationally intractable.

An alternate strategy is to treat the influence of the
CO\textsubscript{2} bend on the asymmetric stretch vibrational frequency
using first-order perturbation theory. Instead of utilizing the
instantaneous CO\textsubscript{2} angle in Eq. (2), \(\theta\), we would
instead use the average angle,
\(\left\langle \theta \right\rangle = \left\langle \varphi_{0} \middle| \theta \middle| \varphi_{0} \right\rangle\),
where \(\varphi_{0}(\theta)\) is the ground vibrational wavefunction for
the CO\textsubscript{2} bend. Returning to the CO\textsubscript{2} in
the gas-phase thought experiment, the average angle is constant and
equal to 180Âº. Thus, there would correctly be no contribution to
CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric stretch vibrational frequency. In
contrast, the instantaneous average bend angle will fluctuate away from
180Âº in an IL because of asymmetric solvation by the solvent. Of course,
we do not have access to vibrational wavefunction for the
CO\textsubscript{2} bend for the benchmark
CO\textsubscript{2}-{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
clusters, nor when we wanted to utilize the spectroscopic map to analyze
an MD simulation. An additional approximation is necessary. If we were
to regard the CO\textsubscript{2} bend as harmonic, then the average
angle is given by the instantaneous distortion of the
CO\textsubscript{2} geometry by the environment. For the benchmark
clusters, the geometry distortion can be determined by optimizing the
geometry of the CO\textsubscript{2} molecule using the classical MD
force field and a conjugate gradient minimization while holding fixed
both the center-of-mass of the CO\textsubscript{2}, as well as the
configuration of the IL solvent. The map is then used to calculate the
vibrational frequency for the relaxed snapshot.

Figure 5b shows the distribution of CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric
stretch vibrational frequencies computed using the spectroscopic map for
1000 statistically independent snapshots collected from an MD simulation
of flexible CO\textsubscript{2} in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
where the CO\textsubscript{2} bend angle has been relaxed. On average,
the relaxed bend angle is 178.4Âº, and the distribution of frequencies is
nearly symmetric with a mean frequency of 2343.8 cm\textsuperscript{-1}
and a standard deviation of 2.4 cm\textsuperscript{-1}. The mean
frequency is in excellent agreement with experiment and differs by only
1.3 cm\textsuperscript{-1}. Note that this agreement implies that the
spectroscopic map is able to accurately capture the solvatochromic shift
of the CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric stretch vibrational frequency from
the gas-phase to the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
IL. The width of the distribution is too narrow compared to the
estimated width of the experimental distribution of 6.3 -- 10.2
cm\textsuperscript{-1}. There are several possible sources for the
discrepancy in the width of the distribution, including inaccuracies
associated with the approximate perturbative approach for the effect of
the bend on the asymmetric stretch frequency. However, the overall
agreement with experiment is encouraging.

It is instructive to compare the distributions in Figures 5b (relaxed
CO\textsubscript{2}) and 5c (rigid CO\textsubscript{2}). Both
distributions are symmetric and they have nearly the same widths: 2.4
and 2.3 cm\textsuperscript{-1}, respectively. Thus, within the
approximate perturbative approach, the bend has very little influence on
the width of the distribution. The averages of the distributions differ
more significantly: 2343.8 and 2346.5 cm\textsuperscript{-1},
respectively. The bend shifts the distribution to the red and into
better agreement with experiment. Overall, the role of the bend is
relatively minor resulting in a redshift of the distribution by 2.7
cm\textsuperscript{-1}. These results suggest several options for how
the bend is treated when the map is applied in conjunction with MD
simulations to understand the spectroscopy and spectral diffusion
dynamics of CO\textsubscript{2} in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]} IL
in Paper III in this series. The simplest strategy is to hold the
CO\textsubscript{2} rigid and to shift the calculated frequencies by 2.7
cm\textsuperscript{-1}. In essence, this would just account for the
average effect of the CO\textsubscript{2} angle on the asymmetric
stretch frequencies. A more computationally intensive strategy is a
simulation with CO\textsubscript{2} flexible, but where the geometry of
the CO\textsubscript{2} is optimized using the classical force field.
The efficacy of these approaches will be evaluated in Paper III.

\textbf{VI. Conclusions}

In this paper we have developed and validated a spectroscopic map that
is the foundation for a molecular interpretation of ultrafast
vibrational spectroscopy of CO\textsubscript{2} in ionic liquids. In
addition, we have established important insights into the solvatochromic
shift of the CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric stretch vibrational
frequency in ILs. We analyzed the physical origin of the vibrational
frequency shifts using SAPT energy decomposition schemes. Unlike other
vibrational chromophores, electrostatics alone poorly predict the
vibrational frequency. While the most important contributor to the
electrostatic part of the spectroscopic map is the field from the anion,
both attractive dispersion interactions and repulsive charge overlap
forces (Pauli repulsion) play additional important roles. Finally, while
the CO\textsubscript{2} bend angle influences the asymmetric stretch
frequency, we have shown that the geometry of the CO\textsubscript{2}
molecule is only slightly perturbed by the IL, so regarding the
CO\textsubscript{2} as rigid is generally sufficient to capture the
structural relaxation of the IL relative to the CO\textsubscript{2}.

\textbf{Supporting Information}

Details regarding the transition dipole moment integral calculations in
Figure 3 are included in the Supporting Information. This material is
available free of charge.

\textbf{Acknowledgements}

The authors thank Prof. Kenneth D. Jordan for helpful discussions. SAC
is grateful for financial support from the National Science Foundation
(CHE-1565471), the American Chemical Society Petroleum Research Fund
(52648-ND6), and the Sustainable Energy Initiative at the University of
Notre Dame. SAC and CAD are also thankful for high performance computing
resources and support from the Center for Research Computing at the
University of Notre Dame. Computational resources were also provided by
the Center for Simulation and Modeling at the University of Pittsburgh.
SGR acknowledges financial support from the National Science Foundation
(CHE-1454105).

\textbf{References}

(1) Karadas, F.; Atilhan, M.; Aparicio, S. Review on the Use of Ionic
Liquids (ILs) as Alternative Fluids for CO\textsubscript{2} Capture and
Natural Gas Sweetening. \emph{Energy and Fuels} \textbf{2010}, \emph{24}
(11), 5817--5828.

(2) Wishart, J. F. Energy Applications of Ionic Liquids. \emph{Energy
Environ. Sci.} \textbf{2009}, \emph{2} (9), 956--961.

(3) Armand, M.; Endres, F.; MacFarlane, D. R.; Ohno, H.; Scrosati, B.
Ionic-Liquid Materials for the Electrochemical Challenges of the Future.
\emph{Nat. Mater.} \textbf{2009}, \emph{8} (8), 621--629.

(4) Patel, D. D.; Lee, J. M. Applications of Ionic Liquids. \emph{Chem.
Rec.} \textbf{2012}, \emph{12} (3), 329--355.

(5) Bara, J. E.; Camper, D. E.; Gin, D. L.; Noble, R. D.
Room-Temperature Ionic Liquids and Composite Materials: Platform
Technologies for CO\textsubscript{2} Capture. \emph{Acc. Chem. Res.}
\textbf{2010}, \emph{43} (1), 152--159.

(6) Crosthwaite, J. M.; Muldoon, M. J.; Dixon, J. K.; Anderson, J. L.;
Brennecke, J. F. Phase Transition and Decomposition Temperatures, Heat
Capacities and Viscosities of Pyridinium Ionic Liquids. \emph{J. Chem.
Thermodyn.} \textbf{2005}, \emph{37} (6), 559--568.

(7) Seki, S.; Kobayashi, T.; Kobayashi, Y.; Takei, K.; Miyashiro, H.;
Hayamizu, K.; Tsuzuki, S.; Mitsugi, T.; Umebayashi, Y. Effects of Cation
and Anion on Physical Properties of Room-Temperature Ionic Liquids.
\emph{J. Mol. Liq.} \textbf{2010}, \emph{152} (1--3), 9--13.

(8) Tokuda, H.; Hayamizu, K.; Ishii, K.; Susan, M. A. B. H.; Watanabe,
M. Physicochemical Properties and Structures of Room Temperature Ionic
Liquids. 2. Variation of Alkyl Chain Length in Imidazolium Cation.
\emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2005}, \emph{109} (13), 6103--6110.

(9) Anthony, J. L.; Maginn, E. J.; Brennecke, J. F. Solubilities and
Thermodynamic Properties of Gases in the Ionic Liquid
1-N-Butyl-3-Methylimidazolium Hexafluorophosphate. \emph{J. Phys. Chem.
B} \textbf{2002}, \emph{106} (29), 7315--7320.

(10) Seo, S.; Quiroz-Guzman, M.; Desilva, M. A.; Lee, T. B.; Huang, Y.;
Goodrich, B. F.; Schneider, W. F.; Brennecke, J. F. Chemically Tunable
Ionic Liquids with Aprotic Heterocyclic Anion (AHA) for
CO\textsubscript{2} Capture. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2014},
\emph{118} (21), 5740--5751.

(11) Shiflett, M. B.; Yokozeki, A. Solubilities and Diffusivities of
Carbon Dioxide in Ionic Liquids: {[}bmim{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]} and
{[}bmim{]}{[}BF\textsubscript{4}{]}. \emph{Ind. Eng. Chem. Res.}
\textbf{2005}, \emph{44} (12), 4453--4464.

(12) Gurkan, B. E.; De La Fuente, J. C.; Mindrup, E. M.; Ficke, L. E.;
Goodrich, B. F.; Price, E. A.; Schneider, W. F.; Brennecke, J. F.
Equimolar CO\textsubscript{2} Absorption by Anion-Functionalized Ionic
Liquids. \emph{J. Am. Chem. Soc.} \textbf{2010}, \emph{132} (7),
2116--2117.

(13) Cadena, C.; Anthony, J. L.; Shah, J. K.; Morrow, T. I.; Brennecke,
J. F.; Maginn, E. J. Why Is CO\textsubscript{2} so Soluble in
Imidazolium-Based Ionic Liquids? \emph{J. Am. Chem. Soc.} \textbf{2004},
\emph{126} (16), 5300--5308.

(14) Tamimi, A.; Fayer, M. D. Ionic Liquid Dynamics Measured with 2D IR
and IR Pump--Probe Experiments on a Linear Anion and the Influence of
Potassium Cations. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2016}, \emph{120}
(26), 5842--5854.

(15) Ren, Z.; Ivanova, A. S.; Couchot-Vore, D.; Garrett-Roe, S.
Ultrafast Structure and Dynamics in Ionic Liquids: 2D-IR Spectroscopy
Probes the Molecular Origin of Viscosity. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. Lett.}
\textbf{2014}, \emph{5} (9), 1541--1546.

(16) Hamm, P.; Zanni, M. \emph{Concepts and Methods of 2D Infrared
Spectroscopy}; Cambridge University Press, 2015.

(17) Khalil, M.; DemirdÃ¶ven, N.; Tokmakoff, A. Coherent 2D IR
Spectroscopy: Molecular Structure and Dynamics in Solution. \emph{J.
Phys. Chem. A} \textbf{2003}, \emph{107} (27), 5258--5279.

(18) Levinson, N. M.; Bolte, E. E.; Miller, C. S.; Corcelli, S. A.;
Boxer, S. G. Phosphate Vibrations Probe Local Electric Fields and
Hydration in Biomolecules. \emph{J. Am. Chem. Soc.} \textbf{2011},
\emph{133} (34), 13236--13239.

(19) Choi, J. H.; Cho, M. Vibrational Solvatochromism and
Electrochromism of Infrared Probe Molecules Containing Câ¡O, Câ¡N, C=O, or
C-F Vibrational Chromophore. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2011},
\emph{134} (15), 154513.

(20) Choi, J. H.; Oh, K. I.; Lee, H.; Lee, C.; Cho, M. Nitrile and
Thiocyanate IR Probes: Quantum Chemistry Calculation Studies and
Multivariate Least-Square Fitting Analysis. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.}
\textbf{2008}, \emph{128} (13), 134506.

(21) Lee, K. K.; Park, K. H.; Kwon, D.; Choi, J. H.; Son, H.; Park, S.;
Cho, M. Ion-Pairing Dynamics of Li\textsuperscript{+} and
SCN\textsuperscript{-} in Dimethylformamide Solution: Chemical Exchange
Two-Dimensional Infrared Spectroscopy. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.}
\textbf{2011}, \emph{134} (6), 64506.

(22) Steinel, T.; Asbury, J. B.; Corcelli, S. A.; Lawrence, C. P.;
Skinner, J. L.; Fayer, M. D. Water Dynamics: Dependence on Local
Structure Probed with Vibrational Echo Correlation Spectroscopy.
\emph{Chem. Phys. Lett.} \textbf{2004}, \emph{386} (4--6), 295--300.

(23) Brinzer, T.; Berquist, E. J.; Ren, Z.; Dutta, S.; Johnson, C. A.;
Krisher, C. S.; Lambrecht, D. S.; Garrett-Roe, S. Ultrafast Vibrational
Spectroscopy (2D-IR) of CO\textsubscript{2} in Ionic Liquids: Carbon
Capture from Carbon Dioxide's Point of View. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.}
\textbf{2015}, \emph{142} (21), 212425.

(24) Giammanco, C. H.; Kramer, P. L.; Yamada, S. A.; Nishida, J.;
Tamimi, A.; Fayer, M. D. Carbon Dioxide in an Ionic Liquid: Structural
and Rotational Dynamics. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2016}, \emph{144}
(10), 104506.

(25) Giammanco, C. H.; Kramer, P. L.; Yamada, S. A.; Nishida, J.;
Tamimi, A.; Fayer, M. D. Coupling of Carbon Dioxide Stretch and Bend
Vibrations Reveals Thermal Population Dynamics in an Ionic Liquid.
\emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2016}, \emph{120} (3), 549--556.

(26) Asbury, J. B.; Steinel, T.; Kwak, K.; Corcelli, S. A.; Lawrence, C.
P.; Skinner, J. L.; Fayer, M. D. Dynamics of Water Probed with
Vibrational Echo Correlation Spectroscopy. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.}
\textbf{2004}, \emph{121} (24), 12431--12446.

(27) Asbury, J. B.; Steinel, T.; Stromberg, C.; Corcelli, S. A.;
Lawrence, C. P.; Skinner, J. L.; Fayer, M. D. Water Dynamics:
Vibrational Echo Correlation Spectroscopy and Comparison to Molecular
Dynamics Simulations. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. A} \textbf{2004}, \emph{108}
(7), 1107--1119.

(28) Bakker, H. J.; Skinner, J. L. Vibrational Spectroscopy as a Probe
of Structure and Dynamics in Liquid Water. \emph{Chem. Rev.}
\textbf{2010}, \emph{110} (3), 1498--1517.

(29) Fecko, C. J.; Eaves, J. D.; Loparo, J. J.; Tokmakoff, A.; Geissler,
P. L. Ultrafast Hydrogen-Bond Dynamics in the Infrared Spectroscopy of
Water. \emph{Science} \textbf{2003}, \emph{301} (5640), 1698--1702.

(30) Eaves, J. D.; Loparo, J. J.; Fecko, C. J.; Roberts, S. T.;
Tokmakoff, A.; Geissler, P. L. Hydrogen Bonds in Liquid Water Are Broken
Only Fleetingly. \emph{Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A.} \textbf{2005},
\emph{102} (37), 13019--13022.

(31) Gruenbaum, S. M.; Tainter, C. J.; Shi, L.; Ni, Y.; Skinner, J. L.
Robustness of Frequency, Transition Dipole, and Coupling Maps for Water
Vibrational Spectroscopy. \emph{J. Chem. Theory Comput.} \textbf{2013},
\emph{9} (7), 3109--3117.

(32) Jansen, T. L. C.; Auer, B. M.; Yang, M.; Skinner, J. L.
Two-Dimensional Infrared Spectroscopy and Ultrafast Anisotropy Decay of
Water. \emph{J. Chem. Phys. J. Chem. Phys. J. Chem. Phys. J. Chem. Phys.
J. Chem. Phys. J. Chem. Phys} \textbf{2010}, \emph{1321} (10),
224503--164301.

(33) Loparo, J. J.; Roberts, S. T.; Tokmakoff, A. Multidimensional
Infrared Spectroscopy of Water. I. Vibrational Dynamics in
Two-Dimensional IR Line Shapes. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2006},
\emph{125} (19), 194521.

(34) Loparo, J. J.; Roberts, S. T.; Tokmakoff, A. Multidimensional
Infrared Spectroscopy of Water. II. Hydrogen Bond Switching Dynamics.
\emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2006}, \emph{125} (19), 194522.

(35) Nibbering, E. T. J.; Elsaesser, T. Ultrafast Vibrational Dynamics
of Hydrogen Bonds in the Condensed Phase. \emph{Chem. Rev.}
\textbf{2004}, \emph{104} (4), 1887--1914.

(36) Nicodemus, R. A.; Corcelli, S. A.; Skinner, J. L.; Tokmakoff, A.
Collective Hydrogen Bond Reorganization in Water Studied with
Temperature-Dependent Ultrafast Infrared Spectroscopy. \emph{J. Phys.
Chem. B} \textbf{2011}, \emph{115} (18), 5604--5616.

(37) Nicodemus, R. A.; Ramasesha, K.; Roberts, S. T.; Tokmakoff, A.
Hydrogen Bond Rearrangements in Water Probed with Temperature-Dependent
2D IR. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. Lett.} \textbf{2010}, \emph{1} (7),
1068--1072.

(38) Ramasesha, K.; Roberts, S. T.; Nicodemus, R. A.; Mandal, A.;
Tokmakoff, A. Ultrafast 2D IR Anisotropy of Water Reveals Reorientation
during Hydrogen-Bond Switching. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2011},
\emph{135} (5), 12457--54509.

(39) Roberts, S. T.; Ramasesha, K.; Tokmakoff, A. Structural
Rearrangements in Water Viewed through Two-Dimensional Infrared
Spectroscopy. \emph{Acc. Chem. Res.} \textbf{2009}, \emph{42} (9),
1239--1249.

(40) Auer, B.; Kumar, R.; Schmidt, J. R.; Skinner, J. L. Hydrogen
Bonding and Raman, IR, and 2D-IR Spectroscopy of Dilute HOD in Liquid
D\textsubscript{2}O. \emph{Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA} \textbf{2007},
\emph{104} (36), 14215--14220.

(41) Auer, B. M.; Skinner, J. L. IR and Raman Spectra of Liquid Water:
Theory and Interpretation. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2008},
\emph{128} (22), 224511.

(42) Corcelli, S. A.; Lawrence, C. P.; Skinner, J. L. Combined
Electronic Structure/molecular Dynamics Approach for Ultrafast Infrared
Spectroscopy of Dilute HOD in Liquid H\textsubscript{2}O and
D\textsubscript{2}O. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2004}, \emph{120}
(17), 8107--8117.

(43) Hayashi, T.; la Cour Jansen, T.; Zhuang, W.; Mukamel, S. Collective
Solvent Coordinates for the Infrared Spectrum of HOD in
D\textsubscript{2}O Based on an \emph{Ab Initio} Electrostatic Map.
\emph{J. Phys. Chem. A} \textbf{2005}, \emph{109} (1), 64--82.

(44) Jansen, T. L. C.; Cringus, D.; Pshenichnikov, M. S. Dissimilar
Dynamics of Coupled Water Vibrations. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. A}
\textbf{2009}, \emph{113} (22), 6260--6265.

(45) Li, F.; Skinner, J. L. Infrared and Raman Line Shapes for Ice
I\textsubscript{h}. II. H\textsubscript{2}O and D\textsubscript{2}O.
\emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2010}, \emph{133} (24), 244504--244504.

(46) Lin, Y. S.; Li, G. De; Mao, S. P.; Chai, J. Da. Long-Range
Corrected Hybrid Density Functionals with Improved Dispersion
Corrections. \emph{J. Chem. Theory Comput.} \textbf{2013}, \emph{9} (1),
263--272.

(47) Lin, Y. S.; Auer, B. M.; Skinner, J. L. Water Structure, Dynamics,
and Vibrational Spectroscopy in Sodium Bromide Solutions. \emph{J. Chem.
Phys.} \textbf{2009}, \emph{131} (14), 144511.

(48) Paarmann, A.; Hayashi, T.; Mukamel, S.; Miller, R. J. D. Nonlinear
Response of Vibrational Excitons: Simulating the Two-Dimensional
Infrared Spectrum of Liquid Water. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2009},
\emph{130} (20), 204110.

(49) Pieniazek, P. A.; Lin, Y.-S.; Chowdhary, J.; Ladanyi, B. M.;
Skinner, J. L. Vibrational Spectroscopy and Dynamics of Water Confined
inside Reverse Micelles. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2009},
\emph{113} (45), 15017--15028.

(50) Shi, L.; Gruenbaum, S. M.; Skinner, J. L. Interpretation of IR and
Raman Line Shapes for H\textsubscript{2}O and D\textsubscript{2}O Ice
I\textsubscript{h}. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2012}, \emph{116}
(47), 13821--13830.

(51) Skinner, J.; Auer, B.; Lin, Y. Vibrational Line Shapes, Spectral
Diffusion, and Hydrogen Bonding in Liquid Water. \emph{Adv.}
\emph{Chem.} \emph{Phys.} \textbf{2009}, \emph{142}, 59.

(52) Tainter, C. J.; Skinner, J. L. The Water Hexamer: Three-Body
Interactions, Structures, Energetics, and OH-Stretch Spectroscopy at
Finite Temperature. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2012}, \emph{137}
(10), 2351--104304.

(53) Yang, M.; Skinner, J. L. Time-Averaging Approximation in the
Interaction Picture: Absorption Line Shapes for Coupled Chromophores
with Application to Liquid Water. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2011},
\emph{135} (15), 154114.

(54) Laage, D.; Hynes, J. T. Do More Strongly Hydrogen-Bonded Water
Molecules Reorient More Slowly\,? \emph{Chem. Phys. Lett.}
\textbf{2006}, \emph{433} (1--3), 80--85.

(55) Laage, D. A Molecular Jump Mechanism of Water Reorientation.
\emph{Science} \textbf{2006}, \emph{311} (5762), 832--835.

(56) Laage, D.; Hynes, J. T. On the Molecular Mechanism of Water
Reorientation. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2008}, \emph{112} (45),
14230--14242.

(57) Laage, D.; Stirnemann, G.; Hynes, J. T. Water Jump Reorientation
and Ultrafast Vibrational Spectroscopy. \emph{J. Photochem. Photobiol. A
Chem.} \textbf{2012}, \emph{234}, 75--82.

(58) Laage, D.; Stirnemann, G.; Sterpone, F.; Hynes, J. T. Water Jump
Reorientation: From Theoretical Prediction to Experimental Observation.
\emph{Acc. Chem. Res.} \textbf{2012}, \emph{45} (1), 53--62.

(59) Smith, J. D.; Cappa, C. D.; Wilson, K. R.; Cohen, R. C.; Geissler,
P. L.; Saykally, R. J. Unified Description of Temperature-Dependent
Hydrogen-Bond Rearrangements in Liquid Water. \emph{Proc. Natl. Acad.
Sci.} \textbf{2005}, \emph{102} (40), 14171--14174.

(60) Li, S.; Schmidt, J. R.; Corcelli, S. A.; Lawrence, C. P.; Skinner,
J. L. Approaches for the Calculation of Vibrational Frequencies in
Liquids: Comparison to Benchmarks for Azide/water Clusters. \emph{J.
Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2006}, \emph{124} (20), 204110.

(61) Terranova, Z. L.; Corcelli, S. A. Molecular Dynamics Investigation
of the Vibrational Spectroscopy of Isolated Water in an Ionic Liquid.
\emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2014}, \emph{118} (28), 8264--8272.

(62) Oh, K. I.; Choi, J. H.; Lee, J. H.; Han, J. B.; Lee, H.; Cho, M.
Nitrile and Thiocyanate IR Probes: Molecular Dynamics Simulation
Studies. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2008}, \emph{128} (15), 154504.

(63) Corcelli, S. A.; Skinner, J. L. Infrared and Raman Line Shapes of
Dilute HOD in Liquid H\textsubscript{2}O and D\textsubscript{2}O from 10
to 90Â°C. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. A} \textbf{2005}, \emph{109} (28),
6154--6165.

(64) Schmidt, J. R.; Corcelli, S. A.; Skinner, J. L. Pronounced
Non-Condon Effects in the Ultrafast Infrared Spectroscopy of Water.
\emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2005}, \emph{123} (4), 044513.

(65) BÅasiak, B.; Lee, H.; Cho, M. Vibrational Solvatochromism: Towards
Systematic Approach to Modeling Solvation Phenomena. \emph{J. Chem.
Phys.} \textbf{2013}, \emph{139} (4), 044111.

(66) BÅasiak, B.; Cho, M. Vibrational Solvatochromism. II. A
First-Principle Theory of Solvation-Induced Vibrational Frequency Shift
Based on Effective Fragment Potential Method. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.}
\textbf{2014}, \emph{140} (16), 164107.

(67) Berquist, E. J.; Daly, C. A. J.; Brinzer, T.; Bullard, K. K.;
Campbell, Z. M.; Corcelli, S. A.; Garrett-Roe, S.; Lambrecht, D. S.
Modeling Carbon Dioxide Vibrational Frequencies in Ionic Liquids I.
\emph{Ab Initio} Calculations. \emph{J.} \emph{Phys.} \emph{Chem.}
(submitted)\emph{.}

(68) BÅasiak, B.; Cho, M. Vibrational Solvatochromism. III. Rigorous
Treatment of the Dispersion Interaction Contribution. \emph{J. Chem.
Phys.} \textbf{2015}, \emph{143} (16), 164111.

(69) Jeziorski, B.; Moszynski, R.; Szalewicz, K. Perturbation Theory
Approach to Intermolecular Potential Energy Surfaces of van Der Waals
Complexes. \emph{Chem. Rev.} \textbf{1994}, \emph{94} (7), 1887--1930.

(70) Hohenstein, E. G.; Sherrill, C. D. Density Fitting and Cholesky
Decomposition Approximations in Symmetry-Adapted Perturbation Theory:
Implementation and Application to Probe the Nature of\, Ï-Ï Interactions
in Linear Systems. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2010}, \emph{132} (18).

(71) Hohenstein, E. G.; Parrish, R. M.; Sherrill, C. D.; Turney, J. M.;
Schaefer, H. F. Large-Scale Symmetry-Adapted Perturbation Theory
Computations via Density Fitting and Laplace Transformation Techniques:
Investigating the Fundamental Forces of DNA-Intercalator Interactions.
\emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2011}, \emph{135} (17) 184111.

(72) Plimpton, S. Fast Parallel Algorithms for Short-Range Molecular
Dynamics. \emph{J. Comput. Phys.} \textbf{1995}, \emph{117} (1), 1--19.

(73) Andreussi, O.; Marzari, N. Transport Properties of Room-Temperature
Ionic Liquids from Classical Molecular Dynamics. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.}
\textbf{2012}, \emph{137} (4), 44508.

(74) Forester, T. R.; Smith, W. SHAKE, Rattle, and Roll: Efficient
Constraint Algorithms for Linked Rigid Bodies. \emph{J. Comput. Chem.}
\textbf{1998}, \emph{19} (1), 102--111.

(75) Ryckaert, J. P.; Ciccotti, G.; Berendsen, H. J. C. Numerical
Integration of the Cartesian Equations of Motion of a System with
Constraints: Molecular Dynamics of N-Alkanes. \emph{J. Comput. Phys.}
\textbf{1977}, \emph{23} (3), 327--341.

(76) Sprenger, K. G.; Jaeger, V. W.; Pfaendtner, J. The General AMBER
Force Field (GAFF) Can Accurately Predict Thermodynamic and Transport
Properties of Many Ionic Liquids. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2015},
\emph{119} (18), 5882--5895.

(77) Wang, J.; Wolf, R. Development and Testing of a General Amber Force
Field. \emph{J. Comput. Chem.} \textbf{2004}, \emph{25} (25),
1157--1174.

(78) Singh, U. C.; Kollman, P. A. A Combined \emph{Ab Initio} Quantum
Mechanical and Molecular Mechanical Method for Carrying out Simulations
on Complex Molecular Systems: Applications to the CH\textsubscript{3}Cl
+ Cl\textsuperscript{â} Exchange Reaction and Gas Phase Protonation of
Polyethers. \emph{J. Comput. Chem.} \textbf{1986}, \emph{7} (6), 718.

(79) Liu, Z.; Huang, S.; Wang, W. A Refined Force Field for Molecular
Simulation of Imidazolium-Based Ionic Liquids. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B}
\textbf{2004}, \emph{108} (34), 12978--12989.

(80) Chaban, V. V; Voroshylova, I. V; Kalugin, O. N. A New Force Field
Model for the Simulation of Transport Properties of Imidazolium-Based
Ionic Liquids. \emph{Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2011}, \emph{13}
(17), 7910--7920.

(81) SchrÃ¶der, C. Comparing Reduced Partial Charge Models with
Polarizable Simulations of Ionic Liquids. \emph{Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys.}
\textbf{2012}, \emph{14} (9), 3089--3102.

(82) Potoff, J. J.; Siepmann, J. I. Vapor--liquid Equilibria of Mixtures
Containing Alkanes, Carbon Dioxide, and Nitrogen. \emph{AIChE J.}
\textbf{2001}, \emph{47} (7), 1676--1682.

(83) Perez-Blanco, M. E.; Maginn, E. J. Molecular Dynamics Simulations
of CO\textsubscript{2} at an Ionic Liquid Interface: Adsorption,
Ordering, and Interfacial Crossing. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B}
\textbf{2010}, \emph{114} (36), 11827--11837.

(84) Darden, T.; York, D.; Pedersen, L. Particle Mesh Ewald: An Nâlog(N)
Method for Ewald Sums in Large Systems. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.}
\textbf{1993}, \emph{98} (12), 10089.

(85) MaÅolepsza, E.; Straub, J. E. Empirical Maps for the Calculation of
Amide I Vibrational Spectra of Proteins from Classical Molecular
Dynamics Simulations. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2014}, \emph{118}
(28), 7848--7855.

(86) Fennell, C. J.; Gezelter, J. D. Is the Ewald Summation Still
Necessary? Pairwise Alternatives to the Accepted Standard for Long-Range
Electrostatics. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2006}, \emph{124} (23),
234104.

(87) Loparo, J. J.; Roberts, S. T.; Nicodemus, R. A.; Tokmakoff, A.
Variation of the Transition Dipole Moment across the OH Stretching Band
of Water. \emph{Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2007}, \emph{341} (1--3), 218--229.

(88) Miller, C. S.; Ploetz, E. A.; Cremeens, M. E.; Corcelli, S. A.
Carbon-Deuterium Vibrational Probes of Peptide Conformation: Alanine
Dipeptide and Glycine Dipeptide. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.} \textbf{2009},
\emph{130} (12).

(89) Aki, S. N. V. K.; Mellein, B. R.; Saurer, E. M.; Brennecke, J. F.
High-Pressure Phase Behavior of Carbon Dioxide with Imidazolium-Based
Ionic Liquids. \emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2004}, \emph{108},
20355--20365.

(90) Anthony, J. L.; Anderson, J. L.; Maginn, E. J.; Brennecke, J. F.
Anion Effects on Gas Solubility in Ionic Liquids. \emph{J. Phys. Chem.
B} \textbf{2005}, \emph{109}, 6366--6374.

(91) Muldoon, M. J.; Aki, S. N. V. K.; Anderson, J. L.; Dixon, J. K.;
Brennecke, J. F. Improving Carbon Dioxide Solubility in Ionic Liquids.
\emph{J. Phys. Chem. B} \textbf{2007}, \emph{111} (30), 9001--9009.

(92) Hou, Y.; Baltus, R. E. Experimental Measurement of the Solubility
and Diffusivity of CO\textsubscript{2} in Room-Temperature Ionic Liquids
Using a Transient Thin-Liquid-Film Method. \emph{Ind. Eng. Chem. Res.}
\textbf{2007}, \emph{46} (24), 8166--8175.

(93) Ramdin, M.; De Loos, T. W.; Vlugt, T. J. H. State-of-the-Art of
CO\textsubscript{2} Capture with Ionic Liquids. \emph{Ind. Eng. Chem.
Res.} \textbf{2012}, \emph{51} (24), 8149--8177.

(94) Stenger, J.; Madsen, D.; Hamm, P.; Nibbering, E. T. J.; Elsaesser,
T. Ultrafast Vibrational Dephasing of Liquid Water. \emph{Phys. Rev.
Lett.} \textbf{2001}, \emph{87} (2), 27401.

(95) Rosenthal, S. J.; Xie, X.; Du, M.; Fleming, G. R. Femtosecond
Solvation Dynamics in Acetonitrile: Observation of the Inertial
Contribution to the Solvent Response. \emph{J. Chem. Phys.}
\textbf{1991}, \emph{95} (6), 4715.

\textbf{\\
}

\textbf{Table 1.} Parameters of the spectroscopic map for the
CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric stretch frequency in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}.
This map predicts the CO\textsubscript{2} with a regression coefficient
\emph{R} = 0.94 and a root mean square error of 2.7
cm\textsuperscript{-1}. The average shift,
\(\left\langle \text{ÎÏ} \right\rangle\), and standard deviation,
\(\sigma(\Delta\omega)\), are reported for each term in the map.

\begin{longtable}[]{@{}llll@{}}
\toprule
& & \(\left\langle \text{ÎÏ} \right\rangle\) (cm\textsuperscript{-1}) &
\(\sigma(\Delta\omega)\) (cm\textsuperscript{-1})\tabularnewline
\midrule
\endhead
\(\omega_{g}\) & 2349.1 cm\textsuperscript{-1} & 0.0 &
0.0\tabularnewline
\emph{a} & --1160.9 cm\textsuperscript{-1} & --6.6 & 7.0\tabularnewline
\emph{b}\textsubscript{1} & 64.4 cm\textsuperscript{-1}
au\textsuperscript{-1} & --0.1 & 0.4\tabularnewline
\emph{b}\textsubscript{2} & 93.2 cm\textsuperscript{-1}
au\textsuperscript{-1} & --1.8 & 0.7\tabularnewline
\emph{c}\textsubscript{1} & 4.70 cm\textsuperscript{-1}
kcal\textsuperscript{-1} mol & --9.5 & 2.0\tabularnewline
\emph{c}\textsubscript{2} & --3.55 cm\textsuperscript{-1}
kcal\textsuperscript{-1} mol & 7.3 & 2.1\tabularnewline
\bottomrule
\end{longtable}

\textbf{\\
}

\textbf{Table 2.} Decomposition of the average LJ contribution to the
spectroscopic map for the CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric stretch
frequency in
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
into attractive and repulsive components.

\begin{longtable}[]{@{}lll@{}}
\toprule
LJ Component & Site & \(\left\langle \text{ÎÏ} \right\rangle\)
(cm\textsuperscript{-1})\tabularnewline
\midrule
\endhead
Attractive & O & --21.7\tabularnewline
& C & 14.8\tabularnewline
& Sum & --6.9\tabularnewline
Repulsive & O & 12.3\tabularnewline
& C & --7.4\tabularnewline
& Sum & 4.9\tabularnewline
Total & O & --9.4\tabularnewline
& C & 7.3\tabularnewline
& Sum & --2.1\tabularnewline
\bottomrule
\end{longtable}

\emph{\\
}

% \includegraphics[width=6.43125in,height=5.7659in]{media/image1.emf}

\textbf{Figure 1.} Relationship between the CO\textsubscript{2}
asymmetric stretch vibrational frequency and the OCO angle,
\(\theta_{\text{OCO}}\), for CO\textsubscript{2} in the gas-phase (green
circles) and in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]} IL
(black circles). The gas-phase data are perfectly correlated with
\(1 + cos(\theta_{\text{OCO}})\). The vibrational frequencies for
CO\textsubscript{2} in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
solvent also show this relationship, but additional solvation effects on
the frequency are also present.

% \includegraphics[width=6.22356in,height=6.29517in]{media/image2.emf}

\textbf{Figure 2.} Relationship between CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric
stretch frequencies in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]} IL
calculated using the DVR method and those calculated using the
spectroscopic map for the 500 test set clusters (black circles). The red
line represents a perfect correlation and the 95\% prediction interval
is indicated with green lines. The spectroscopic map has a regression
coefficient of R = 0.94 and a root means squared error of 2.7
cm\textsuperscript{-1}.

% \includegraphics[width=6.49062in,height=6.25278in]{media/image3.emf}

\textbf{Figure 3.} Transition dipole moment integral, \(\mu_{01}\), of
the asymmetric stretch of CO\textsubscript{2} in 1000
CO\textsubscript{2}-{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
clusters versus the asymmetric stretch vibrational frequency,
\(\omega_{a}\), where \(\mu_{01}^{g}\) is the transition dipole moment
integral of the asymmetric stretch of CO\textsubscript{2} in the
gas-phase (blue circles). A linear fit of the data (black line) has a
slope close to zero indicating that the Condon approximation is
reasonable for the asymmetric stretch of CO\textsubscript{2} in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
IL.

% \includegraphics[width=6.45821in,height=4.31466in]{media/image4.png}

\textbf{Figure 4.} Homogeneous instantaneous linewidth as a function of
correlation time for fast motions, with \(T_{2}^{*} = 4\) ps, with upper
and lower bounds estimated for \({\widetilde{\Delta}}_{H}\). The upper
bound, based on an estimated fastest allowed inertial response
timescale, and the lower bound, based on a threshold value of
\(\Delta_{H}\tau_{H}\), are indicated by dashed horizontal lines. The
resulting instantaneous frequency range for homogeneous motions is
between 6 and 10 cm\textsuperscript{-1}.

% \includegraphics[width=6.43125in,height=6.41597in]{media/image5.emf}

\textbf{Figure 5.} Histograms of the CO\textsubscript{2} asymmetric
stretch vibrational frequency, \(\omega_{a}\), for 1000
CO\textsubscript{2}-{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
clusters. (a) Clusters extracted from an MD simulation of flexible
CO\textsubscript{2} in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
IL. (b) Clusters extracted from an MD simulation of flexible
CO\textsubscript{2} in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
IL, but where the CO\textsubscript{2} geometry is relaxed. (c) Clusters
extracted from an MD simulation of rigid CO\textsubscript{2} in the
{[}C\textsubscript{4}C\textsubscript{1}im{]}{[}PF\textsubscript{6}{]}
IL.

\end{document}
